---
layout: post
title: My crazy (or not) dream.
---
I haven't been here so long (almost forgot how to post anything), I'm going to put small pieces of writings into this blog, not to make it blow up in one post.
I will write in the order of importance, and for now - my dream. I'm not talking about a dream that you want to reach out to. I'm talking about a night dream.
I'm walking on the campus. I applied. I saw professor (Russian, don't even know why his nationality was Russian) reading my application. Anton is helping me. Anton led me throughout the campus showing me everything. Professor says I'm accepted. I walked to my lectures and I felt happy. I do not know why. But I felt so happy like I couldn't be happier. 
I woke up. Just a dream. But it felt so real. Me, walking at the campus as a student at MIT. That was MIT. I know it is not true for now, but I hope God wants me to get into there. My plans are nothing in comparison with God's plan. There is only one thing I am sure about - God wants you to be happy. In the end, you will definitely be happy. If you are not - it is not the end. Trust it. Trust God. I'm still learning. I learned to listen to people. I learned to understand my mama. I somehow learned to trust God. And now I'm learning to love mama from the beginning. I know how to make her proud, but I still don't know how to make her happy. There a lot of ways to do it, I'm sure. And I'm also convinced, that God will tell the rightest one.
Well, this monologue flowed into completely another direction) but the dream is told. I've got nothing to tell about it else, except one thing - I still hope to get into it.
