---
layout: post
title: The more you give the more they take?
---
Hi everybody
Gow are you doing?
I'm coming back with the new portion of news and my blablas
I hope you will not judge for long-shit-posts))
During this two weeks my preparation for SAT was on the top, you know, I didn't do so much on KhanAcademy - I found it...well, I'm grateful
for such resource, but don't you think that skill level which is set there is a bit a liar? I had level 4 once, which is max, but exactly 
that time I had awful score on practice tests. I just prepared with books, no worries. I ain't gonna sleep calmly till 15th. Anyways.
My close friend got married. And attention, meine Damen und Herren, she is 18. God teaches not to judge, and I try not to do it, however, I
just worry if she didn't make a mistake and if she is sincerely happy near that man. We are still keeping in touch, and trying not to lose 
connection. She also was my college, and guess what? All her previous responsibilities are now on me. Tomorrow we are pitching at one school
in our city (elite one, for rich babes) to tell about Technovation, LightApp and all that stuff, but I still don't have presentation...Therefore,
I'm gonna finish here and take up presentation.
Yes, I have faith. And yes, I'm christian, regardless being kazakh. Yes, I go to church every Sunday and pray, ask for answers and apologize.
You may call me whatever you want, but God teaches me every day. God is my insurance. God is my only Love. This is how I got to start loving myself
- simple philosophy which is found in faith. God loves you, he created you and wants you to be happy. He has a wonderful plan for you, and only
by trusting him and giving him your life - your dreams will be realised. I understood, that I have been looking for love, which could only be given by God.
Okay, I wrote this not for fun. Since living in faith and with God, I was trying to understand how MIT, and University itself, is going to help me in 
implementing my dream? How is it going to help in implementing God's plan? I don't know, for sure. But I read in Alchemist, and found out from
priest, that God always gives you signs. And you either follow them, or don't. Most probably I noticed one sign yesterday. I didnt want to go
to that movie, "Venom". But I went. And guess what? Main character's frind's daughter received offers from Berkeley, Brown and MIT. Surely,
main character shouted out "MIT". Don't know if it was a sign, but I'm going to finish my application to MIT. Just, will do this.
Post was going to be about "The more you give the more they take", but actually this is about "The more YOU give, the more YOU take". Nonsens?
Definitely. This is about only knowledge and kind, volunteering actions. Not everybody understand, but... I spend 2 hours sharing everything I know
about universities with my friend, which is called "time-waste" by my dad. But, during telling her everything I know, I realised that people
know to little about what is university and what it wants from you. First of all, university is an educational facility and it first of all wants
you to respect their history as a school. Later on, I came up with the idea, that the more knowledge you share, the more you receive it. And,
later on, I came with the idea that this philosophy is a theme for essay, guys.
So, darlings, be brave for volunteering and data sharing. Don't hesitate telling what you think, and try to find your own independence, just as
I found my in God.
Peace.
