---
layout: post
title: I'm tired
---
Hi, everybody <br>
I hope you all are doing well, and are on your way to achieving 2019 year goals.<br>
These days I'm thinking about my life in general. I can't end up thinking that I could never stop doing something since my childhood, 
and even found out, that I've tried all activities represented in sections of CommonApp (and maybe more) just because I was looking for
myself. And I guess, I still haven't found out.<br>
In the kindergarden we had crisis at home. I have my little sister from my 1 year age, and I started feeling this continous responsibility 
just because I'm older. Just because I'm older I received more love from relatives and grandmother, which meant that my sister couldn't 
have the same. Unfair. I know. And up to some period in my life I couldn't stop hating myself for just being older, because she did so. 
Maybe this is just a supposion, but I <b> thought </b> she did so. As we got older, and turned age of 7-8 years, people started thinking 
she is the older sister, not me. People still think so, but we are in a high school already. Maybe this is because of her dominant behaviour
and me letting her ride on me, but still. I never wanted to argue with her, because I was afraid and I felt so blamed. Like every failure 
that happens in her life is my responsibility and my fault. But our relationships didn't really matter, when we saw dad hitting mom when we 
were children. I wouldn't wish it nobody, because I swear, I wanted to become older and leave my father alone in his retirement with no 
care and no money for everything he and his mother did to my mom. I would never wish to anybody to see any sort of domestic violence. My 
mom did really have a hard life until some period, she cried a lot and couldn't handle lots of things. Well, what should I talk about, when 
my mom needed to work, look after me and Sana, be patient to all whims of my grandmother and have no support from own parents, while my dad 
just...layed in front of TV on the sofa day by day. I love my mom. Not because she is a strong woman or out of thank, no. She is just my 
mom. And I love Sana as well. Regardless all words that sometimes come out of her mouth, and her strong faith into careless relation to me, 
I feel she cares. I was a very weak child, and other children used to hit me, bother me and bully me. Sana was the only one who stood for 
me and was always there. Because I didn't really have friends. <br>
Whole my concious life, my and Sana's classmates, groupmates and pseudo-friends hated us, because we studied better. We had better marks. 
And as it always happens in any educational facility, teachers put marks 
comparatively. And in comparison with me and my sister, our classmates who were A-mark students before we came obviously went down in rating 
and got worse marks. So every time we changed school, we automatically were put into category of "nerds" and "losers". This hate could be 
felt so much, even if I tried to be friends with everybody, regardless marks, race, nationality and social status. Whatever, I'm not saying 
that I'm saint, but my childhood was somehow full of pain. When me or Sana had any mark except A, mom did hit us. But the thing that she 
always was mentioning while shouting on us because of marks, that we are two ungrateful kids. Maybe, I don't know how it felt from mother's 
side, we really were ungrateful. I started helping mother with house work when I was about 6-7. With Sana, we could clean up our old flat 
together, without mom's help, and after some time, this turned into a skill. When our siblings were born, the lifelong competition for 
parents' attention started. Nevertheless, neither me nor Sana could get father's attention for long, because our conversation of a whole 
day could only consist of:<br>
-How successful are you doing at school? <br>
-Not bad.<br>
-How many A-s did you get today? <br>
-3 <br>
-Alright.<br>
I'm not blaming him, it's just his upbringing. He was always busy with the money, and he is still. Maybe that's the reason, why I really want
to devote my life to solving poverty and hunger? Because unconciously, I remember having this awful state as a child. Now, it's deeper. 
My mom is now fully financially dependent on father. They have only one account in a bank, and it's father's. So whenever mom needs 
money for something, she needs to call dad and ask him to transit her only certain amount of money, not more and not less than she needs.
If it would be "for coffee with friends" or like my flavour to take up dancing back, he would ask "why the heck do you need it?". And 
"just want it" is not a reason. Everybody in our family is dependent on father financially, and I still can't find any advantage of it. 
He used go to another city and not keep in contact for days, just leaving all of us with no money, with no food, with nothing literally. 
What will happen if some day he simply doesn't come back? Can't think over it. This really makes me think of people, who are fully cut off
the resources like water. This makes me grateful for what I have and doesn't let me sleep at night. I can't take, can't deal with it. But I
 don't know how to help still. Maybe I don't have enough knowledge yet. <br>
 With all my family crisises I somehow could proudly stand with my "A-mark" student status still, at the same time doinf different activities. I can remember them from 7th grade: <br>
 7th grade - dancing, research work (russian lang), NIS exam <br>
 8th grade - research work (biology), a lot of competitions, Students' Government (Education Minister ha-ha) <br>
 9th grade - NIS, dormitory, film club (my own, can you imagine this?), TED and again, endless school competitions (like MISS NIS, I didn't participate myself, but still did everything for my classmate who participated. I created a choreo for her talents' show, that's crazy) But most importantly, my first song<br>
 10th grade - studies, TED, Students' Government (wow, I'm a president, ha-ha), research work and olympiad, and Technovation Challenge 2017(for the first time), programming courses, NSWMUN and other volunteering projects that I absolutely don't remember about (just remember waking up at 5 o'clock many times to go volunteer) <br>
 11th grade - LightApp (Technovation Challenge 2018), new school, helping with Leaders' Forum, President of the class, german language, korean language, BTS (?wow), SAT, IELTS, ficwriting and songwriting, cat, NSWMUN, WEB developemnt freelancing <br>
 12th grade - LightApp, Youth Career Festival (Uprade Programme), SAT Reasoning and Subjects, IELTS (both for sesond time), studies, Universities, climbing, ficwriting and songwriting, blogging, journalism, NSWMUN, WEB developemnt freelancing <br>
 
 <i>And all these things happened only during academic year </i> <br>

Probably, because of that I'm feeling wasted. I feel so demotivated, I don't want to be involved in anything. I listed things that I rememver, God knows 
if I missed something. I was out of my comfort zone for long, I grew up, and so grateful for this opportunity. I just know that not everybody has 
such privilege to grow and to challenge yourself. But I feel lived out. Now, I'm complaining, but these days I'm complaining unusually much, because...stress...waiting 
for Pi day...and generally feeling wasted. I'm happy, I can speak here, so that probably nobody will know (joking, I regularly check for GoogleAnalytics). I think I 
never had a good friend, who wouldn't be my relative, or sister or my blog:DDD And I gues I found such person. We talked today for so long after school, and my scarsity 
for simple human conversation did let know about it today. I complained so much (or just feel so) that I'm definitely not feeling in comfort now. Whatever, I just had to 
say all this sh*t. To vent it out through my personal outlet - this blog. I hope there somes a day, when I stop complaining for my life. God loves you. Good night, everybody! <br>

P.S.: I know how to react on acception, but really don't know about rejection. Should I cry? In first case, definitely will<br>
P.S.2: I'm going to post my song, that I write yesterday night...in about...half an hour? :DDD <br>
P.S.3: Also, my article was finally published!))) want me to give a link?
