---
layout: post
title: "Who am I" or how I started writing my CommonApp Essay?
---
Just a number of thoughts about same old question. I started writing my essay in commonapp on the topic "Discuss an accomplishment, events, or a realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others." Seems like I'm not going to finish this essay. <br>
"Who am I?"<br>
Well, to be honest I don't know the answer to this question. I thought I found the answer in the biography of the Steve Jobs, in his quote: "I'm the person who stands at the intersection of science and humanities". However, I'm now not sure these words belong to me.
Sometimes I speak my mother's. sometimes sister's and sometimes teachers' words, but I'm never sure that words that I tell really belong to me. Or that these words show me. That's how I realised that I'm actually honest only in my music. In my lyrics. In what I put onto sheets of papers in my notebook and melody samples I record into my phone. There is real me.
I wear masks. They are all different. I wake up with a thought that today I'll be wearing a postive face, and tomorrow with negative one. How to understand which of those faces is yours? How to understand which of them is honest or real?
Different people have different vision of the world. Therefore, for some people - masks they wear are called "different versions of myself, but they all are me", and they feel no pressure from pretending a different person with others every day. Or maybe they just don't feel that they pretend?
I like tea. I love music. I like walking under the sun, or rain, just walking outside in a good weather. I love reading. I like dancing. I love singing. I love writing my lyrics and putting emotions into songs. I love watching inspirational movies and talking to people. I like sharing experience and advising. There are a lot of things I like, but none of them includes moving your brain on lessons of physics. Well, if not sometimes only.
I love story of RapMon. Because this is so me. He just loved music, he had an ideology that he wanted to spread, he had words he wanted to say through music, and he did it. He reached it. Finally, succeeded. His story inspires me and gives me hope - that I am also able to do the same. With no musical background, or ability to read notes and plans to become pprogrammer. (Well, he planned and prepared to be a lawer)
This story gives me hope. And nothing else inspires me as much as this thing does.
I just want to say, that I don't know who I am. I don't know what I want to do. And nothing is currently helping me to find answers and discover myself. So, who the fuck am I?
