---
layout: post
title: How do you measure success?
---
There is an exercise to get to know people, which only consists of one question and one rule:
Q: How does successful person look like in your opinion?
R: describe the picture that comes to your mind first.
When I got such question, I realized that "me in the past" would answer something like: a person walking in a big and beautiful office, and everyone around is saying "Good morning, boss". Now, I'm not likely to answer same. I believe that success should be measured by number of grateful to you people. And my number is 800 million. Why so precise? Haha, well, that's the number of starving people around the globe. Not so funny now, right? One day, I will reach it out, even if now I don't know how.
There are several components of a successful person, traditionally called "qualities". I always knew about it, but I realized its power only after my first dancing class. Yeap, I told you I took up dancing back, right? And when my teacher told me "You are excellent" after first lesson, I received the hope, that I can do better and later get into group of advanced dancers with teacher's permission. What is that, what she saw in me? Potential? Faith? Love? No. Passion.
That's the component. And that's the power. When you are passionate, you are more likely to become successful, because you will be noticed by the most important resource in your life (yes, resource will notice you) - experienced people with background knowledge in your field. The elderly, who will help you on your way if they see this component in your heart, eyes, whatever - the passion. And I guess that's what currently drives me. Or has always been driving, however I haven't been noticing. Not less importantly is the understanding of how to measure success. The grateful people, to my understanding, is the most precise unit of measure, but from this perspective achievements like gold medals on Olympiads seem so meaningless. I still don't know if they mean something more than a number of skills you have, nevertheless it's a still open question to me. I'm talking about it, because tomorrow I'll be giving a speech on an event dedicated to International Women's Day. I have so much to talk about, at the same time I've got nothing. I have a lot of thoughts, but I don't have the most important component which causes a fear in me - authority. I can't prove my qualification or ideas anyhow, moreover I'm not likely to be heard on this basis. That's why I'm afraid. I have been thinking, I missed something in my application to MIT, and I guess I found it: my vision of a success. Well, there is nothing I can do now, therefore I shouldn't care, but... I'm so nervous because of this answer waiting process. I gotta go and do some deeds to prove my qualification, but I'm nervously looking on the days changing date, and cannot help myself. I gotta write here, and share news, but... I'm always afraid that one day I'll open my blog and realize I have no news... Okay, just forget it. This is just a number of thoughts. I swear, I'll die one day because of overthinking...
