---
layout: post
title: I haven't been here for so long! Got a lot of news!
---
Hi! First of all, let me explain the reason for me disappearing. I have a lot of news, because I was so busy doing so many things and I 
just absolutely forgot about my blog! Am I acting strange? Well, blogging is something new for me, I do have a quick review of what I've 
done and what I have to do every night before I fall asleep, but entering GitHub for a post somehow is unusual for me. Okay, let's stop 
talking about it, and move on to news!
I have been preparing for SAT whole summer (Reasoning and Subjects, lol) and preparing still. Want to have a perfect score, this is 
so challenging for me! But who said that I am afraid of difficulties or challenges, haha?
A few weeks ago, when I was on my way to the swimming pool, I found...a cat! A kitty, for sure. He is just a couple of months, so little! 
He had health issues on first day of being in our house, but then he got okay. Of course, father couldn't tell anything, because this ain't
first time, lol. When I first saw him, I couldn't just leave, but can you believe me I knew what his name will be from the first seconds? 
So, hope you are nice to meet him - Kendrick! I got sick this week, so was at home. I wanted to join lessons online, because I was so 
hardly prohibited to leave the house (hate being sick). But after a couple of online lessons, our head-teacher clearly banned it! Can you 
believe it? He said it's ok, to have a live lesson for writing exam, but it's not okay for obtaining material on a lesson! God. So, since 
I'm at home, I practiced singing, and my dear Kendrick had to listen to this horror, haha. He took his revenge every morning, sitting next 
to me, waking me up and asking for meal.
LightApp is going so great! We got an office! I will attach a photo, so you can see it! A professional designer, PR manager and back-end 
developer joined us! So much fun and so many people whom I can learn from! This is crazy, I'm just waking up every morning with a thought 
"how much better it could be, to extend my networking more", because this is the philosophy (Gosh, I have plenty of them, haha) I learned 
after getting to know Vlastimil Samek (Official UNDP representative in KZ, whom I was honored to interview - aaaaaa) - the more different 
and new people you get to know, contact and ask for help - the more your idea, project, whatever comes alive. Networking is one of the 
best skills I could learn from my mentor, and more incredible it is, that networking is not the first, and not the last one.
Thanks to our new director, I realized how important it is - to not let anybody make you down, leave the dream, forget the aims. After 
just a 20 min talk with her, I almost forgot why I want to study at MIT. Brand? Status? Name? Are these things reasons that will lead you 
to study there, when they disappear? Imagine MIT stays as a university with the most differentiated community in the world, with the 
students willing to change the world and with thousands of people with great passion to live, to create, to challenge, BUT MIT is not a #1 
uni in the world, has no name, and only a limited number of people know this brand, called - MIT. Then? Which of those reaons are left? 
None. That is why, I angry with myself for forgetting why I challenge myself with application, instead of simply sitting on the lessons, 
wait the end of the year and then enter any local university like KAZNU without taking responsibility and difficulties on my shoulders. 
Well, people, first of all, I love attracting difficulties so much, haha!!!!!! And I'm not afraid. You know, we started a topic "Identity" 
on English lessons, and we had a task to describe ourselves in 3 words. Guess what I put for me? Young. Brave. Risky. Yeap, I still 
remember 3 words that I had 2 weeks ago, because maaaan, I'm young - full of energy, I'm brave - not afraid of challenges, and I'm risky 
- I have dreams, and I'm not afraid of losing on my way to reaching them. I believe it. I believe in myself. I think in the next post I 
will write how I started believing in myself and LOVING myself.
Also, I'm still in the MUN community, and finally, my friend in our organizing committee, who is serving this organization already 5 years 
- became chief of staff. He is the only one left from old KZ-MUNers, so I'm happy for him and hope, that when I get enough experience (I 
have only 1,5 year on my karma know) will be able to become chief or SecGen myself. I know, I have leadership skills, so for this year I'm 
sure, I will try to take place of UnderSecGen ('cause I need step up in carreer, right?).
So many thoughts, and this is not even the end! Gonna write the rest in a second post, thanks for reading:*:-)))
